What we just mentioned, ground is our origin nature. Again, ground that is your nature, mind that
is ground.
This means we all have this ground. Everyone. This ground is another terminology, Buddha nature.
Your nature of our mind, not just Buddha, but our nature, nature of the mind, the enlightenment of
nature, all those synonyms.
We have that nature. Everyone has that nature. Because of that nature, then we start practicing.
Practice is known as path. Path, you can't in a way follow it, but it's not path external to that
existing path, we know that.
It's all developed, discovered of our inner beauties, our natures, follow.
And to do this, again, with all those what I said, and you know, this beautiful motivation,
beautiful intentions,
beautiful and totally known second thoughts, devotions, both each other, rafujis, rafujis, and then
practices,
giant practices, silence practices. When it comes to the silence practices, then it's divided.
Samad meditation, Vipassana meditation. Samad meditation is at the first stage.
To Samad meditation, it will help us to settle down our mind, or even in our sessions at the
beginning of time,
maybe you can do for a few minutes or five, ten minutes, if you're doing a longer meditation, it
will be really Samad post.
Samad. Every time Samad is not resting very well in our mind, you use a concentrated object with
concentrators,
some kind of object, external object or inner object as we went through those things, through those
.
And when the mind is a little more able to concentrate, settle down, and then release those
concentrated objects and meditate.
Samad meditation, then just relax. Again, kind of hold that. That means, Samad, you're holding
something.
You're holding the focus, you're holding that stillness. That is, that holding.
You supported that to maintain that calm and peaceful status, or that calmness.
That is Samad, abiding Samad status. Once you're able to maintain that Samad,
you're able to maintain the mind more kind of peaceful status, that more now looks like that, and
release your focus now.
Release the focus. Release it to any holding patterns. Lighten up that Yamata with Vipassana.
Vipassana is brain light within the Samad meditation. You're really lighten up. Lighten up that.
That's what in the teachings, not flit Samad meditation. Not flit, blame that. You're lighten up
that. That is Vipassana. Vipassana.
When you came to that Vipassana state, there's no difference between Samata and Vipassana.
Merge Togit, Vipassana and Samata. Togit, that's called union of the Vipassana and Samad meditation
.
When you reach that ultimate calm and peaceful clarity, yet it is openness, a world state, that is
the Mahamudala or the Dzogit.
Togit practices. Rest and relax in that state. You're dressed. And when you reach that state, why?
Not distracted.
That's what I said. Not distracted. We use all those different terminology. It's not just we use.
Those are the great masters, these great teachers, the Buddhas. They explain those things.
It will help us to usher us back to the old inner state, free from any dualities, those used, fresh
, natural carefreeze and self-liberating techniques.
Those all help us to bring back to that natural state. What is that natural state?
I said so many times and you have the text too. And you know that too. Other Dzogit teachings, we
know that.
But it is cognitive awareness and emptiness, combined Togit in one single state. That is the
natural itself.
And a simple word in the teaching was one. That is known as Rupa in Dzogit teaching. Rupa, the
fresh Rupa, old inner Rupa, unimpeded Rupas, the Saman Badar,
residing right in our heart center, in the nature of nature. Maintain that. How to maintain? Not
distracted.
That is simple words, not distracted. And not regulating. Not regulating. Wanting these, not
wanting these, that is the regulation.
That is not natural. Relax. During those times, even you are asking that state, bring on more joy,
more devotion.
Occasion, radio, any devotees. And also see everything is magic. Occasion, see everything is magic
and dreams.
But how wonderful. How beautiful it is. Not just looking to the external as magic and beauty.
Our self, the looker itself is magic. Magic and dreamer status. All is in that status. Again, go
back to that Rupa status.
That is the meditation. That is the practices. And that at the end, do the good, dedicating
marriages.
Good dedication. We have beautiful those prayers and good dedication. Dedicating means reaching
some of the good things to every living beings,
sincerely from your heart. Really, when I sit here for one hour, one hour, whatever I did, practice
that.
Whatever the energy of good things come from this, I share that to everyone and I also distribute
this to all, to every living being.
The cause of every living being is happy, joy and peace, their fulfillment and peaceful state.
And by the blessings of all, the Buddha is enlightened. With their blessings, with my attitude, joy
and courage spread out to all, to everywhere.
We do it in your discoloration. Wish everyone things best, harmony, peace, nonviolence, good times.
Everyone. Peace, peaceful. Not just not only now, but continually that, until they become the
Buddha.
Wish that. That is known as dedication and aspirations, good aspirations.
Then we complete beautiful practices, sitting practices, complete sitting practices and carry that
energy, that flavor of the practices in the world.
To your day to day activities or the office. Okay, remember that. Even you couldn't remember all
that time, but okay, you can try to remember that.
And out, bring back to the natural status. And it is strengthening your beautiful intention,
thoughts.
That is then known as the practices and that I completed these teachings of the great master.
Condensed essential highlight on the teachings of the great master. And so, that's it.
And then now I'm going to give two transmissions. If you will ask me to give the transmissions.
And I'm going to give transmissions of transmissions of the poor garlands of the precious teachings
by Nkipa.
And then I will also transmissions of the three words that penetrate the heart of the Realization.
Heart of the Realization by Garab Durya, or by great master Parva Rambhuchas.
So I'll give this transmission and then we practice a little bit of our written daily practices.
And then we again with dedication and then I will give again blessings of this text, the teaching
itself, like as text empowerment teaching said.
Nkipa asked me to do that, so I'm happy to do that, also blessings of that empowerment.
And that is my schedule this morning. Thank you.